[Tests-Only]Improve test docs (#832)
owncloud/owncloud-sdk: README.md

```

## Unit/Integration tests
### Overview
owncloud-sdk uses [pactjs](https://github.com/pact-foundation/pact-js) with jest for unit and integration test.

On the pact provider side, tests have 4 different `interactions`:

- interactions that work on both oc10 & ocis
- interactions that are "pending" on oc10 but should work on ocis
- interactions that are "pending" on ocis but should work on oc10
- interactions that are "pending" on both ocis & oc10

The CI is not expected to fail for the interactions that are "pending" but it's expected to fail for those interactions that were already verified and started failing. Pact.io has a system to handle such a scenario called [pending pacts](https://docs.pact.io/pact_broker/advanced_topics/pending_pacts/ 'pending pacts'). This feature allows changed contracts to be verified without failing the provider's build.

Four different pacts for the different buckets of interactions are created when running the provider tests. Pacts that are allowed to fail are marked as `pending` else not.

> In a consumer test, a new provider is created using the function `createProvider`. It is needed to be called with two parameters, depending upon which provider-version the test is still pending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a consumer test, a new mock provider is created using the function `createProvider`. It takes two parameters: `pendingOnOc10` and `pendingOnOcis` in order. Each parameter can have value (true or false) depending upon which provider-version the test is still pending.
```

To add a new consumer test which is expected to fail on ocis but pass on oc10 provider, provider should be created as:

```js
describe('feature', function () {
  it('new test feature', function () {
    const isPendingOnOc10 = true // set this as true if the test is allowed to fail on oc10 provider
    const isPendingOnOcis = false // set this as true if the test is allowed to fail on ocis provider
    const provider = createProvider(isPendingOnOc10, isPendingOnOcis)
    // get interactions
    // execute test
    provider.executeTest(() => {
      // test body
    })
  })
})
```
### Running Tests
At first, you need to create `config.json` file.
```
$ cp tests/config/config.sample.json tests/config/config.json
```

### consumer tests
The pact consumer tests checks owncloud sdk against the pact mock server. In order to run these tests, use the following command:

```
$ yarn test-consumer
```

> > If you have pacts from old test run in `tests/pacts` your tests will fail. Make sure to delete that before you run the tests again.

Reviewer 2: why this change?

Author: this is kind of a note rather than how to run.

### Provider tests

> The pact provider tests tests the pacts generated from the consumer tests against the real owncloud backend server. For this you will need an actual owncloud server running. Then you can run the pact tests with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The pact provider tests the pacts generated from the consumer tests against the real owncloud backend server. For this you will need an actual owncloud server running. Then you can run the pact tests with the following command:
```
